using aws to create an instance:
        what:
        1) cloud computing enables us to have access to fast computing power by renting
        2) when we are choosing instance, we need to weigh the trade off between computing power (cpu, memory, etc) and money that we pay.
        3) if we choose instances that have more than 1 cpu, we will be able to perform parallel computing
        why:
        1) we can utilise aws cloud computing service to access computing power that isn't available at local computer.
        
git hub commands:
        what:
        1) We learned git commands to perform specific actions. For example, git clone, to create a folder, branch, to pull the branch, 
        to add file, commit and push the branch.
        2) We learned git's basic functionalities: allowing collaboration, easy modification, etc.
        why:
        1) github is an easy tool to perform collaborative coding and code modification, since it creates branches which record different
        versions of earlier changes, and allow user to review these change before merging the change to the final master branch.
vim:
        what:
        1) We learned how to use vim to edit: vim, press 'i' for insert, press 'esc' and then type ':wq' for saving the file and exit.
        why:
        vim is a easy editing tool that is widely used in terminal interface.
        
linux command system and the unix shell:
        what:
        1) we learned basic command to navigate us in linux terminal and do basic operations: pwd, mkdir, touch, vim, cd, etc
        2) for unix shell we learned we can create a nano command that takes parameters and show the bottom lines of the top lines of the 
        file of interest. e.g.head -n "$2" "$1" | tail -n "$3", with "$2" representing parameter 2.
        why:
        1) the command system is especially useful if there isn't a userface available. And if familiar with the commands, using commands to 
        navigate can be very fast.
        2) we use shell because it can potentially realise many things using pure terminal can't do, e.g. cluster computing. Shell is also a
        receipe for conducting complicated directions using simple commands.
